howdy Gosnell senator productions while
I was looking for the Easter egg he told
me about I found another hidden room I
was looking for the safe so I was like
browsing all my safes but yeah so I was
playing with those blocks and then I was
like going here but nothing happened and
I shot this wall and all of a sudden
look at that I just shoot this wall and
this door hinge opens I was like okay
let's see what's in that so yeah look at
that you can pull in there and by the
way I found that by myself it's not like
I was looking at a walkthrough or
something and yeah there you go you're
in a hidden room man which is very nice
I haven't explored it fully yet i just
wanted to show you okay so it kind of
looks small but here is another painting
which i found who are you and then some
drawings i think that's a tank or
something let's see when we can zoom
occc physics there is no magic Oh Nell
wait there is no magic only lost physics
that is kind of nice I'm going to go to
see if anyone on you know and on
Facebook gets that i'm going to post
that as my status and maybe someone is
like oh yeah that's from portal I
remember that but yeah you have that
that huge thing behind the scenes you
can see all the stuff before you even go
outside so that is a very very nice
easter egg so the next seastack i'm
going to show you is wait can I get back
down yes I should be able to it's going
to be the one which you guys told me
about so see you then
ok I'm back so now for the little else
thing you wanted to see um I have seen
that on youtube because God link me to
it but other than that I haven't seen it
so first of all let's destroy those
robots because I think they're pretty
essential in in what we want to do here
so now for some yeah we have to do that
well actually no wait we don't have to
do that but we're still going to do that
okay okay Kel Johnson there we go so now
for some some experimenting um the thing
is I have to me ima have to do like this
so now we have to destroy this little
turret here poor thing and if you do
that band the whole thing blows out and
I think I should be quiet here but I'm
going to turn up my son just so I can
hear it enough let's see I'm going to
shoot a portal real quick no not a
little bit more and yeah I know you're
you kind of want to hear it now okay
let's get in
you
okay so so much for this um I think
they're repeating the song here we have
another thing um unreality I don't know
I can't read that and pile of bodies
pile of dead scientists oh man this song
is going to end let's see what they're
doing now they're doing nothing so yeah
I kind of ruined it but hey who you saw
the song I think it's great that they'd
is there did something like that but
yeah I kind of looked like the man's
living room all that ok so that's it for
this episode which is just a special
episode um with Easter eggs and all that
and hidden rooms I hope you enjoyed and
if you like this video please come and
subscribe tell your friends about it
rate it up and have a great night see ya